the New York subway is not just crowded
it's a crazy place and to prove that we
went out of the street here in Brooklyn
and asked people getting off it to share
the craziest thing they ever saw on the
subway what is the craziest thing you've
ever seen on the subway this one woman
spilt her oatmeal and a kid someone
else's kid tried eating it sitting next
to me like nothing weird about it at
first
and then he reaches into his like CVS
bag and grabs a deodorant and he like
opens it and just starts like putting it
all over his body like on top of his
clothes like just painting his body with
this stick of deodorant it's crazy but I
see a lot of rats
I see no one to run across like seven
people and I'm like okay I'm out of here
oh the butt-nik goodness naked women
people peeing in a cup and then when the
Train like stops they just drop the cup
and the pee just like sloshed all over
the Train I have seen an older gentleman
chase a young woman with a cane to beat
her for no reason I one time saw a guy
was like Halloween so we were waiting
for the train late night and the trash
barge showed up and this kid just got on
the trash barge and wrote it away and
I'm fairly certain he's dead now
I don't remember as I said I don't use
this subway more but it wasn't crazy it
was very common when I
young that men would stand on the
platform outside the stud boy game and
as you were in the subway looking out
they tended to masturbate and but it was
you know sort of norm didn't even react
to it at fun but yeah
what do you by the New York City Board
of corapi that's how grandma my grandpa
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy